wip: refactor(falco): Falco chart v2 (#356)
falcosecurity/charts: falco/README.md

## Introduction

> The deployment of Falco in a Kubernetes cluster is managed through a **Helm chart**. This chart manages the life cycle of Falco in a cluster by handling all the k8s objects needed by Falco to be seamlessly integrated in your environment. Based on the configuration in `values.yaml` file, the chart will render and install the required k8s objects. Keep in mind that Falco could be deployed in your cluster using a `daemonset` or a `deployment`. See next sections for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment of Falco in a Kubernetes cluster is managed through a **Helm chart**. This chart manages the lifecycle of Falco in a cluster by handling all the k8s objects needed by Falco to be seamlessly integrated in your environment. Based on the configuration in `values.yaml` file, the chart will render and install the required k8s objects. Keep in mind that Falco could be deployed in your cluster using a `daemonset` or a `deployment`. See next sections for more info.
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `falco` in namespace `falco` run:

```bash

> kubectl create ns falco
> helm install falco falcosecurity/falco --namespace falco

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm install falco falcosecurity/falco --namespace falco --create-namespace
```

```

After a few minutes Falco instances should be running on all your nodes. The status of Falco pods can be inspected through *kubectl*:
```bash
kubectl get pods -n falco -o wide
```

> If every thing went smoothly, you should observe an output similar to the following, indicating that all Falco instances are up and running in you cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything went smoothly, you should observe an output similar to the following, indicating that all Falco instances are up and running in you cluster:
```

```bash
NAME          READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE     IP          NODE            NOMINATED NODE   READINESS GATES
falco-57w7q   1/1     Running   0          3m12s   10.244.0.1   control-plane   <none>           <none>
falco-h4596   1/1     Running   0          3m12s   10.244.1.2   worker-node-1   <none>           <none>
falco-kb55h   1/1     Running   0          3m12s   10.244.2.3   worker-node-2   <none>           <none>
```
The cluster in our example has three nodes, one *control-plane* node and two *worker* nodes. The default configuration in `values.yaml` of our helm chart deploys Falco using a `daemonset`. That's the reason why we have one Falco pod in each node. 

> > **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`, a release is a name used to track a specific deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Tip**: List Falco release using `helm list -n falco`, a release is a name used to track a specific deployment
```

### Falco, Event Sources and Kubernetes

> Starting from Falco 0.31.0 the [new plugin system](https://falco.org/docs/plugins/) is stable and production ready. The **plugin system** can be seen as the next step in the evolution of Falco. Historically, Falco monitored system events from the **kernel** trying to detect malicious behavior on Linux systems. It also had the capability to process k8s Audit Logs to detect suspicious activity in kubernetes clusters. Since Falco 0.32.0 all the related code to the k8s Audit Logs in Falco was removed and ported in a [plugin](https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugins/tree/master/plugins/k8saudit). At the time being Falco supports different event sources coming from **plugins** or the **drivers** (system events). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Falco 0.31.0 the [new plugin system](https://falco.org/docs/plugins/) is stable and production ready. The **plugin system** can be seen as the next step in the evolution of Falco. Historically, Falco monitored system events from the **kernel** trying to detect malicious behaviors on Linux systems. It also had the capability to process k8s Audit Logs to detect suspicious activities in kubernetes clusters. Since Falco 0.32.0 all the related code to the k8s Audit Logs in Falco was removed and ported in a [plugin](https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugins/tree/master/plugins/k8saudit). At the time being Falco supports different event sources coming from **plugins** or the **drivers** (system events). 
```

> Note that **multiple event sources can not be handled in the same Falco instance**. For instance, you can not have Falco deployed leveraging **drivers** for syscalls events and at the same time load **plugins**. Here you can find the [tracking issue](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2074) about multiple **event sources** in the same Falco instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that **multiple event sources can not be handled in the same Falco instance**. It means, you can not have Falco deployed leveraging **drivers** for syscalls events and at the same time loading **plugins**. Here you can find the [tracking issue](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2074) about multiple **event sources** in the same Falco instance.
```

If you need to handle **syscalls** and **plugins** events than consider deploying different Falco instances, one for each use case.
#### About the Driver

Falco needs a **driver** (the [kernel module](https://falco.org/docs/event-sources/drivers/#kernel-module) or the [eBPF probe](https://falco.org/docs/event-sources/drivers/#ebpf-probe)) that taps into the stream of system calls and passes that system calls to Falco. The driver must be installed on the node where Falco is running.

By default the drivers are managed using an *init container* which includes a script (`falco-driver-loader`) that either tries to build the driver on-the-fly or downloads a prebuilt driver as a fallback. Usually, no action is required.

> If a prebuilt driver is not available for your distribution/kernel, Falco needs **kernel headers** installed on the host as a prerequisite to building the driver on the fly correctly. You can find instructions on installing the kernel headers for your system under the [Install section](https://falco.org/docs/getting-started/installation/) of the official documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a prebuilt driver is not available for your distribution/kernel, Falco needs **kernel headers** installed on the host as a prerequisite to build the driver on the fly correctly. You can find instructions for installing the kernel headers for your system under the [Install section](https://falco.org/docs/getting-started/installation/) of the official documentation.
```
